Syndicate why devs love liberty (#3995)
OpenLiberty/blogs: posts/2024-10-08-why-cloud-native-java-devs-love-liberty.adoc

---
layout: post
title: "Why cloud-native Java developers love Liberty"
# Do NOT change the categories section
categories: blog
author_picture: https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/GraceJansen 
author_github: https://github.com/GraceJansen 
seo-title: Why cloud-native Java developers love Liberty - OpenLiberty.io
seo-description: Explore the features, tools, and supporting technologies that enable developers using Open Liberty to create their Java applications and microservices effectively for a cloud-native environment.
blog_description: "Explore the features, tools, and supporting technologies that enable developers using Open Liberty to create their Java applications and microservices effectively for a cloud-native environment."
open-graph-image: https://openliberty.io/img/twitter_card.jpg
open-graph-image-alt: Open Liberty Logo
redirect_link: https://developer.ibm.com/articles/why-cloud-native-java-developers-love-liberty/
permalink: /blog/redirected.html
---
= Why cloud-native Java developers love Liberty
Grace Jansen <https://github.com/GraceJansen>
//Blank line here is necessary before starting the body of the post.

> Delivering cloud-native Java applications can be a complex task, and one that can sometimes seem overwhelming. But this is where useful cloud-native tools and technologies can really help to simplify this process and enable more effective applications designed to thrive in the cloud. In this article, we explore the open source cloud-native runtime, Open Liberty, and the features and tools it offers that make cloud-native developers' lives easier -- from getting started through coding, testing, deployment and monitoring in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Developing cloud-native Java applications can be a daunting task. However, open source cloud-native runtimes like Open Liberty can simplify the process, making it easier for developers to create effective applications designed for the cloud. This article delves into the features and tools offered by Open Liberty, covering the entire development lifecycle from setup to deployment and monitoring.
```
